Add stubs under `Music_theory` (#6995)
ppy/osu-wiki: wiki/Music_theory/Measure/en.md

---

> stub:true

Reviewer: ```suggestion
stub: true
tags:
  - bar
```

---

# Measure

> A **measure** (or bar) in music refers to a single unit of time featuring a specific number of [beats](/wiki/Music_theory/Beat) played at a particular [tempo](/wiki/Music_theory/Tempo).
> 
> ![screenshot of a measure in timing tab](img/measure_timing.png "All white ticks represent beats, and the larger ones represent the start of a new measure")
> ![screenshot of a measure in compose tab](img/measure_compose.png "White ticks represent the start of a new measure and the coloured ticks represent each beat within said measure")
> 
> screenshots taken of the [beatmap editor timeline](/wiki/Client/Beatmap_editor/Timelines)

Reviewer: the coloured ticks aren't beats, they're subdivisions of a beat

```suggestion
A **measure** (or **bar**) in music theory refers to a single unit of time featuring a specific number of [beats](/wiki/Music_theory/Beat) played at a particular [tempo](/wiki/Music_theory/Tempo).

In the [beatmap editor timeline](/wiki/Client/Beatmap_editor/Timelines), a measure can be identified as the gap between two large white ticks:

![A measure in the timing tab timeline](img/measure_timing.png "White ticks represent beats, with the larger ones representing the start of a new measure.")

![A measure in the compose tab timeline](img/measure_compose.png "White ticks represent beats, with the larger ones representing the start of a new measure")
```

---
stub: true
tags:
  - bar
---

# Measure

> A **measure** (or **bar**) in music theory refers to a single unit of time featuring a specific number of [beats](/wiki/Music_theory/Beat) played at a particular [tempo](/wiki/Music_theory/Tempo).

Reviewer 2: I have a feeling that this page may be safely combined with the one about time signatures -- what do you think? like, is there any more material outside of the article that could be brought in to remove `stub: true`?

Author: probably, i wouldn't know how to properly combine them though

Reviewer: to me this stub doesn't look too bad as is

In the [beatmap editor timeline](/wiki/Client/Beatmap_editor/Timelines), a measure can be identified as the gap between two large white ticks:

> ![A measure in the timing tab timeline](img/measure_timing.png "White ticks represent beats, with the larger ones representing the start of a new measure.")

Reviewer 2: this will likely render poorly on the wiki. instead, I'd put the image after the title to illustrate the whole article, and make this sentence complete.

Author: moved

> ![A measure in the compose tab timeline](img/measure_compose.png "White ticks represent beats, with the larger ones representing the start of a new measure")

Author: removed

> ![A measure in the compose tab timeline](img/measure_compose.png "White ticks represent beats, with the larger ones representing the start of a new measure")

Author: removed
